chore: AzureSQL - Introduce the estimation of number_of_batches in the unconditional masking to optimize number of masking API calls (#91)
delphix/dcs-for-azure-templates: dcsazure_AzureSQL_to_AzureSQL_mask_pl/README.md

* `CONDITIONAL_MASKING_RESERVED_CHARACTER` - This is a string (preferably a character) reserved as for shorthand for
  when referring to the key column when defining filter conditions, in the pipeline this will be expanded out to use the
  ADF syntax for referencing the key column (default `%`)
* `TARGET_BATCH_SIZE` - This is the target number of rows per batch (default `2000`) use for conditional masking

> * `COLUMN_WIDTH_ESTIMATE` - This variable is used for getting the size of the columns need to be masked (default `1000`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `COLUMN_WIDTH_ESTIMATE` - This is the estimated width of the columns when the actual width is not available from database schema to perform the calculation of optimal number of batches in unconditional masking (default `1000`).
```
